>> Brian Holt: So I just push up v3-7,
so if you are following me along,
that's where we are.
And we are now going to fix
all of our linting errors, and
hopefully from here on out, I won't
make you ignore lint errors anymore.
Believe me, it pains my soul to see the
red outline on there, I just can't even.
So I'm going to help you
also be able to not even.
So what's going on here is
there is a package that used
to be included with React in and
of itself called propTypes.
As of 15.5,
they are no longer packaged with React.
This is an effort to kind of trim
down the internal library of what
React includes and doesn't include.
It still isn't quite a clean break,
because there are certain parts of React
that still rely on propTypes if you
want to be able to use them, so
that's an ongoing effort.
But they stripped out propTypes and
they also stripped out something called
createClass, which we are not using at
all today cuz it's been deprecated.
And they stripped out
a couple of other things.
So I'm gonna show you first how to use
propTypes, because it is useful for
you to know.
Eventually we're going
to get to using Flow.
And once we get to using Flow,
that kind of supersedes our need for
propTypes.
But I would say that using propTypes
is more popular than using Flow.
So it's useful for
you to have that knowledge, and
then we can get rid of them.
So I want you to go and
say import shape and
string from prop-types.
So prop-types is the actual
library that used to be included
with React in and of itself.
And only a month or
two ago was it stripped out, okay?
Then we're gonna do underneath here,
underneath ShowCard we're gonna
say ShowCard.propTypes,
>> Brian Holt: And
I guess I should say propTypes
are by no means required,
notice this is a linting error, right?
And our app still builds,
it still runs just fine.
What propTypes are gonna do is
kind of a two fold thing for you.
First of all,
it's going to be a run time check for you,
to see if you're including
the right properties into ShowCard.
So what we're gonna do here,
is we're gonna say show,
>> Brian Holt: shape, and then we're going
to identify all the different properties
that we expect to be on the show.
So we expect there to be at poster,
that's gonna be string.isRequired.
We're gonna do title, which is also
going to be a string.isRequired.
Then we're gonna do year,
which is a string as well, and
that's going to be Required.
And description which is going
to be a string.isRequired
as well as the show itself is required.
No more linting errors, right?
So they all went away.
So let's talk about what
actually propTypes are.
So we did shape, right?
Shape just means object, right?
And I totally could just
do I think this works,
so I could do shape like that.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, yep, yep, yep, okay,
so we could do this, right?
And you could just say it's
going to be an object, and
you would do this if you had
a case of it was an object and
you didn't know what it was
gonna look like coming in.
However, we know what it's
gonna look like, and so
we're also going to identify the things
that are inside of shape, right?
So we're gonna identify poster,
title, year, and description.
If you do not put an isRequired, then as
you might imagine, it's optional, right?
So it means that it's not going to send
you an error saying, hey you forgot this.
I kind of wish that they had done
isRequired as being the default and
then isOptional,
because usually things are required.
>> Brian Holt: Also
according to the Airbnb config, if it's
optional you have to give it a default
prop.
>> Brian Holt: And
you would do default props the same way,
you would say showcard.defaultprops equals
whatever you want them to be by default.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so any questions?
And then the other thing I
wanted to say about propTypes.
These run time checks are not incredibly
useful, they're kind of useful in that
it'll tell you in the consoles like hey,
you forgot this, right?
The real use for
these is that it's documentation, right?
Anyone that comes in and
looks at this component is gonna look
instantly down at the propTypes.
It's like okay, it's gonna take in a show
and it's gonna have poster, title, year,
and description.
It's just like a summary of what the API
for that particular component is.
That is,
I'm gonna say 95% of the use case.
Cuz again, runtime checks,
by the time it's in runtime,
you see they're broken and
you know it or not, right?
Sometimes it'll be useful, it's like I
didn't know it wasn't including that.
What happens if I say foo, and
it's a string that's required, right?
So now if I go into here,
and I refresh, yeah,
ignore the show.foo thing,
worry about that
later.
>> Brian Holt: Maybe let's do it this way,
>> Brian Holt: Refresh again.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so right here this is
what I'm talking about.
It's gonna say, hey,
you said foo was required.
No, ignore that too.
>> Brian Holt: It
should give you an error saying, I wonder
if it's just being covered up by ESLint.
But in any case, it should send you
an error into the console saying hey,
this is not there, and it should be there.
So that's kind of the point.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Can you give us an example
of default propTypes?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
we'll see if I can remember off the top of
my head, I think it just looks like this.
And,
>> Brian Holt: We'll be using
it later for sure.
>> Brian Holt: And
let's just put it out here for fun
>> Brian Holt: So default props,
I think that's what it should be.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
so you can see right there it's
rendering out stuff right there, right?
So just saying like hey,
if you don't pass in these props,
this is the default prop type.
So again, these are not
technically required by React, but
they are required by the Airbnb ESLint
rules that we're using.
Reason being is that it just eliminates a
class of problem that you can have, right?
How many times have you gone to say,
props.show.description.toUppercase and
it was undefined instead of being
a string and so you got a runtime error.
So it'll just eliminate
the class of error.
In other words, its kinda annoying,
but ultimately useful.